chore: update coap gateway docs (#2321)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/gateway/coap.md

```bash
coap-client -m get -O 6,0x01 "coap://127.0.0.1/ps/coap/test?clientid=123&token=3404490787"
```

### Short Parameter Names

> To save message size, the CoAP gateway supports short parameter names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reduce message size, the CoAP gateway supports short parameter names.
```

For example, the parameter `clientid=barx` can be written as `c=bar`. Therefore, the supported short

> parameter names are supported as shown in the following table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter names are listed in the following table:
```
